com/project/ucare/screens/splash/SplashActivity.java
 com.project.ucare.screens.splash.SplashActivity
 com.project.ucare.screens.splash.SplashActivity$1
 com.project.ucare.screens.splash.SplashActivity$2
 com.project.ucare.screens.splash.SplashActivity$3
 com.project.ucare.screens.splash.SplashActivity$4
 com.project.ucare.screens.splash.SplashActivity$5
com/project/ucare/models/Alarm.java
 com.project.ucare.models.Alarm
com/project/ucare/screens/alarm/MyService.java
 com.project.ucare.screens.alarm.MyService
com/project/ucare/screens/auth/LoginActivity.java
 com.project.ucare.screens.auth.LoginActivity
 com.project.ucare.screens.auth.LoginActivity$1
 com.project.ucare.screens.auth.LoginActivity$2
 com.project.ucare.screens.auth.LoginActivity$3
 com.project.ucare.screens.auth.LoginActivity$4
com/project/ucare/screens/main/settings/SettingsFragment.java
 com.project.ucare.screens.main.settings.SettingsFragment
 com.project.ucare.screens.main.settings.SettingsFragment$1
 com.project.ucare.screens.main.settings.SettingsFragment$2
 com.project.ucare.screens.main.settings.SettingsFragment$3
 com.project.ucare.screens.main.settings.SettingsFragment$3$1
 com.project.ucare.screens.main.settings.SettingsFragment$3$2
 com.project.ucare.screens.main.settings.SettingsFragment$4
 com.project.ucare.screens.main.settings.SettingsFragment$5
 com.project.ucare.screens.main.settings.SettingsFragment$5$1
 com.project.ucare.screens.main.settings.SettingsFragment$6
 com.project.ucare.screens.main.settings.SettingsFragment$7
 com.project.ucare.screens.main.settings.SettingsFragment$8
com/project/ucare/screens/schedule/ScheduleAdapter.java
 com.project.ucare.screens.schedule.ScheduleAdapter
 com.project.ucare.screens.schedule.ScheduleAdapter$1
 com.project.ucare.screens.schedule.ScheduleAdapter$2
 com.project.ucare.screens.schedule.ScheduleAdapter$ScheduleListener
 com.project.ucare.screens.schedule.ScheduleAdapter$ViewHolder
com/project/ucare/screens/main/MainActivity.java
 com.project.ucare.screens.main.MainActivity
com/project/ucare/models/Profile.java
 com.project.ucare.models.Profile
com/project/ucare/screens/alarm/AlarmHandler.java
 com.project.ucare.screens.alarm.AlarmHandler
com/project/ucare/models/Schedule.java
 com.project.ucare.models.Schedule
com/project/ucare/MyApplication.java
 com.project.ucare.MyApplication
com/project/ucare/screens/auth/SignUpActivity.java
 com.project.ucare.screens.auth.SignUpActivity
 com.project.ucare.screens.auth.SignUpActivity$1
 com.project.ucare.screens.auth.SignUpActivity$2
 com.project.ucare.screens.auth.SignUpActivity$3
 com.project.ucare.screens.auth.SignUpActivity$4
 com.project.ucare.screens.auth.SignUpActivity$4$1
com/project/ucare/screens/alarm/AlarmActivity.java
 com.project.ucare.screens.alarm.AlarmActivity
com/project/ucare/screens/main/home/ProfileAdapter.java
 com.project.ucare.screens.main.home.ProfileAdapter
 com.project.ucare.screens.main.home.ProfileAdapter$1
 com.project.ucare.screens.main.home.ProfileAdapter$2
 com.project.ucare.screens.main.home.ProfileAdapter$ProfileListener
 com.project.ucare.screens.main.home.ProfileAdapter$ViewHolder
com/project/ucare/screens/main/home/HomeFragment.java
 com.project.ucare.screens.main.home.HomeFragment
 com.project.ucare.screens.main.home.HomeFragment$1
 com.project.ucare.screens.main.home.HomeFragment$2
 com.project.ucare.screens.main.home.HomeFragment$3
 com.project.ucare.screens.main.home.HomeFragment$3$1
 com.project.ucare.screens.main.home.HomeFragment$4
 com.project.ucare.screens.main.home.HomeFragment$5
 com.project.ucare.screens.main.home.HomeFragment$6
 com.project.ucare.screens.main.home.HomeFragment$7
com/project/ucare/screens/alarm/NotificationHelper.java
 com.project.ucare.screens.alarm.NotificationHelper
com/project/ucare/db/ProfileHandler.java
 com.project.ucare.db.ProfileHandler
com/project/ucare/common/Utils.java
 com.project.ucare.common.Utils
 com.project.ucare.common.Utils$1
com/project/ucare/screens/alarm/NotificationActionReceiver.java
 com.project.ucare.screens.alarm.NotificationActionReceiver
com/project/ucare/db/ScheduleHandler.java
 com.project.ucare.db.ScheduleHandler
com/project/ucare/db/SqlHandler.java
 com.project.ucare.db.SqlHandler
com/project/ucare/BuildConfig.java
 com.project.ucare.BuildConfig
com/project/ucare/screens/main/createprofile/CreateProfileActivity.java
 com.project.ucare.screens.main.createprofile.CreateProfileActivity
 com.project.ucare.screens.main.createprofile.CreateProfileActivity$1
 com.project.ucare.screens.main.createprofile.CreateProfileActivity$2
 com.project.ucare.screens.main.createprofile.CreateProfileActivity$3
 com.project.ucare.screens.main.createprofile.CreateProfileActivity$4
com/project/ucare/screens/auth/ResetPasswordActivity.java
 com.project.ucare.screens.auth.ResetPasswordActivity
 com.project.ucare.screens.auth.ResetPasswordActivity$1
 com.project.ucare.screens.auth.ResetPasswordActivity$1$1
com/project/ucare/screens/main/emergencyContact/EmergencyContactFragment.java
 com.project.ucare.screens.main.emergencyContact.EmergencyContactFragment
com/project/ucare/db/SqlDbHelper.java
 com.project.ucare.db.SqlDbHelper
com/project/ucare/screens/alarm/MyBroadCastReceiver.java
 com.project.ucare.screens.alarm.MyBroadCastReceiver
com/project/ucare/screens/medicine/AddMedicineActivity.java
 com.project.ucare.screens.medicine.AddMedicineActivity
 com.project.ucare.screens.medicine.AddMedicineActivity$1
 com.project.ucare.screens.medicine.AddMedicineActivity$2
 com.project.ucare.screens.medicine.AddMedicineActivity$3
 com.project.ucare.screens.medicine.AddMedicineActivity$4
 com.project.ucare.screens.medicine.AddMedicineActivity$5
 com.project.ucare.screens.medicine.AddMedicineActivity$6
 com.project.ucare.screens.medicine.AddMedicineActivity$7
com/project/ucare/screens/schedule/ScheduleActivity.java
 com.project.ucare.screens.schedule.ScheduleActivity
 com.project.ucare.screens.schedule.ScheduleActivity$1
 com.project.ucare.screens.schedule.ScheduleActivity$2
 com.project.ucare.screens.schedule.ScheduleActivity$3
 com.project.ucare.screens.schedule.ScheduleActivity$4
 com.project.ucare.screens.schedule.ScheduleActivity$5
